"It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly; who errs and comes short again and again; because there is not effort without error and shortcomings; but who does actually strive to do the deed; who knows the great enthusiasm, the great devotion, who spends himself in a worthy cause, who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement and who at the worst, if he fails, at least he fails while daring greatly. So that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat." - Theodore Roosevelt
Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan 'Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race. - Calvin Coolidge
Jamie Zawinski - The difference between people who joined Netscape in "the early days" vs those who joined later. The early people joined "to make the company great," while those who joined later did so "because the company was great" and, he felt, this was key to the later lackluster performance of the company.
"Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary." - Steve Jobs
"Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrities. The latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence." - Albert Einstein
"Be daring, be different, be impractical, be anything that will assert integrity of purpose and imaginative vision against the play-it-safers, the creatures of the commonplace, the slaves of the ordinary." -Cecil Beaton "Applicants must also have extensive knowledge of UNIX, although they should have sufficiently good programming taste to not consider this an achievement." -- From an MIT job ad
Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive and go do it!  Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
When everything in life is moving really fast, the most important thing to remember is none of it matters except for those you love.
"The best way to avoid failure is to fail constantly" - http://www.readwriteweb.com/cloud/2010/12/chaos-monkey-how-netflix-uses.php
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward
"Experience will guide us to the rules. You cannot make rules precede practical experience." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
When we were told it's impossible, we knew it's the right way to be done. - Joe Sutter (Boeing 747 team leader)
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place." - George Bernard Shaw
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
"Confidence doesn't come from being the best at something. It comes from realizing you don't have to be."
Efficiency is the foundation for survival. Effectiveness is the foundation for success. - John C Maxwell
'Being honest may not get you a lot of friends but it'll always get you the right ones' - John Lennon
"If it's not broken, don't fix it" guarantees that your job is going to consist of fixing.
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough" - Albert Einstein
"If you face failure and stop, it's failure. If you continue, it's just an experience."
"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new" - Albert Einstien
"Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist." - Pablo Picasso
"Genius: one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration." - Thomas Edison
May you live as long as you want to. May you want to as long as you live.
Pascal: "If I had more time, I would have written you a shorter letter."
"Without music life would be a mistake." - - Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. - Mark Twain
If ignorance is bliss, and knowledge is power, then power is not bliss.
In theory practice should be like theory, but in practice, it isn't.
Anger is like drinking poison, expecting the other person to die.
They did not know it was impossible, so they did it! - Mark Twain
If a problem is worth solving, it's worth solving well and once.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication - Leonardo Da Vinci
"Nobody can make you sad or mad without your permission"
Death is waking up on the other side of your dreams.
I don't need a quotes page, I have you! - Cassandra
Remember that stress, is an attitude.
