Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan 'Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race. - Calvin Coolidge
Jamie Zawinski - The difference between people who joined Netscape in "the early days" vs those who joined later. The early people joined "to make the company great," while those who joined later did so "because the company was great" and, he felt, this was key to the later lackluster performance of the company.
"Applicants must also have extensive knowledge of UNIX, although they should have sufficiently good programming taste to not consider this an achievement." -- From an MIT job ad
Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive and go do it! Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
When everything in life is moving really fast, the most important thing to remember is none of it matters except for those you love.
"The best way to avoid failure is to fail constantly" - http://www.readwriteweb.com/cloud/2010/12/chaos-monkey-how-netflix-uses.php
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place." - George Bernard Shaw
"Confidence doesn't come from being the best at something. It comes from realizing you don't have to be."
Efficiency is the foundation for survival. Effectiveness is the foundation for success. - John C Maxwell
"If it's not broken, don't fix it" guarantees that your job is going to consist of fixing.
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough" - Albert Einstein
"If you face failure and stop, it's failure. If you continue, it's just an experience."
"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new" - Albert Einstien
"Genius: one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration." - Thomas Edison
May you live as long as you want to. May you want to as long as you live.
If ignorance is bliss, and knowledge is power, then power is not bliss.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. - Mark Twain
In theory practice should be like theory, but in practice, it isn't.
They did not know it was impossible, so they did it! - Mark Twain
If a problem is worth solving, it's worth solving well and once.
Death is waking up on the other side of your dreams.
Remember that stress, is an attitude.
